'Our clients was uh one of the largest hospital systems in the U.S.
'They wanted a new way to do their tumor boards
'Tumor boards are uh best practice in the hospital industry
'That when you have cancer patients that you need to um have a multi disciplinary approach
"To how you're going to treat that patient and we use the Microsoft Technologies Teams uh SharePoint OneDrive PowerBI
'Bring together a virtual way for them to collaborate so the doctors and the nurses can do it at their time of choosing
'on the devices they choose and collaborate with the other doctors on what is the best care for that patient
'the hospital system we work with is able to run three times as many patients through this valuable tumor board process
"As they ever could before and they're getting greater participation
'By the oncologist,
'The doctors,
'The surgeons,
'The Radiologist
'Than they ever had in the past
'They are extending this from the initial pilots to other types of cancer
"Within the hospital and it's just really rewarding for me and the team that worked on this
"It's really exciting to be making a real human impact here
'Helping to save lives and
'Prolong the lives of cancer patients